feat(PhoneNumber): add prioritized sort option (#3034)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/feature-fields/PhoneNumber/info.mdx

The component returns the `emptyValue` when no number is set, which defaults to `undefined`.

> It supports the HTML [autofill](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/autocomplete) attribute (`tel-country-code` and `tel-national`) if no value is given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses the HTML [autocomplete](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/autocomplete) attribute (`tel-country-code` and `tel-national`) in their respective fields(country code and phone number) to provide automated assistance in filling out form field values, as well as guidance to the browser as to the type of information expected in the field..
```
